brother
You're not really going to marry that vicious woman, are you?
He will be your sister-in-law in the future
Show him some respect
But he looks like a green tea bitch
Brother, you won't be interested in that little girl, will you?
If you are worried that he will be fired from the Mu family
Just recruit into our Lu family later.
It's not impossible.
Are you serious bro
You let me go
warmth
The Mu family has treated you like this
What are you doing?
I'll take it if you want to be a servant
I'll pay you 10 times your salary
And never make you angry
My mother won't let me leave the Mu family even if I die
How could I not listen to him?
Actually, I think so far so good
Thank you for standing up for me today
I still have work
I'll go first
Hey
This jade pendant looks familiar.
This is from my friend.
This jade pendant
It's like the fourth brother's precious jade pendant.
leader
Fourth brother
Oh, by the way, your jade pendant likes this, it's called warmth.
I like people
People don't like me either
This maid doesn't deserve you
If you dare to fight again
I told you about that.
Fourth brother
That can't be the case.
Relying on the tyrant of the fourth brother
I won't tell him about the treatment
Let him keep going
Madam, I'm going to work first
Did you just seduce those people again?